Document installation and configuration in the README (#15)
dynatrace-oss/logstash-output-dynatrace: README.md

# Logstash Dynatrace output plugin

[![Travis Build Status](https://app.travis-ci.com/dynatrace-oss/logstash-output-dynatrace.svg)](https://app.travis-ci.com/dynatrace-oss/logstash-output-dynatrace)

> This project is developed and maintained by Dynatrace R&D.

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Example Configuration](#example-configuration)
- [Configuration Overview](#configuration-overview)
  - [Common Options](#common-options)
- [Configuration Detail](#configuration-detail)
  - [`ingest_endpoint_url`](#ingest_endpoint_url)
  - [`api_key`](#api_key)
  - [`ssl_verify_none`](#ssl_verify_none)
  - [`codec`](#codec)
  - [`enable_metric`](#enable_metric)
  - [`id`](#id)

A [Logstash](https://github.com/elastic/logstash) output plugin for sending logs to the Dynatrace [Generic log ingest API v2](https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/how-to-use-dynatrace/log-monitoring/log-monitoring-v2/post-log-ingest/).
Please review the documentation for this API before using the plugin.

> ## Installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Installation
```
Just adding a blank line

Logstash is typically installed in the `/usr/share/logstash` directory, and plugins are installed using the `/usr/share/logstash/bin/logstash-plugin` command.
If your logstash installation directory is different than this, your `logstash-plugin` command may be in a different location.

```sh
/usr/share/logstash/bin/logstash-plugin install logstash-output-dynatrace
```

## Example Configuration

See below for a detailed explanation of the options used in this example configuration.

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```ruby
```

Author: This is not ruby. I can add the language signifier anyway just to get some level of syntax highlighting since it is at least similar to ruby though?

Reviewer: Yeah, thats what I was going for. I think it looks better if you put the language specifier there.

output {
  dynatrace {
    id => "dynatrace_output"
    ingest_endpoint_url => "${ACTIVE_GATE_URL}/api/v2/logs/ingest"
    api_key => "${API_KEY}"
  }
}
```

## Configuration Overview

> The following configuration options are supported by the Dynatrace output plugin as well as the common options supported by all output plugins described below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Dynatrace-specific configuration

The following configuration options are supported by the Dynatrace output plugin.
```

Reviewer: This is less concise, but more consistent in terms of the order of headings.

### `api_key`

* Value type is [string](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/logstash/current/configuration-file-structure.html#string)
* Required

This is the [Dynatrace API token](https://www.dynatrace.com/support/help/dynatrace-api/basics/dynatrace-api-authentication/) which will be used to authenticate log ingest requests.
It requires the `logs.ingest` (Ingest Logs) scope to be set and it is recommended to limit scope to only this one.
Example: `"api_key" => "dt0c01.4XLO3..."`

### `ssl_verify_none`

* Value type is [boolean](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/logstash/current/configuration-file-structure.html#boolean)
* Optional
* Default value is `false`

It is recommended to leave this optional configuration set to `false` unless absolutely required.
Setting `ssl_verify_none` to `true` causes the output plugin to skip certificate verification when sending log ingest requests to SSL and TLS protected HTTPS endpoints.
This option may be required if you are using a self-signed certificate, an expired certificate, or a certificate which was generated for a different domain than the one in use.

### `codec` 

* Value type is codec
* Default value is "plain"

> * 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

The codec used for output data. Output codecs are a convenient method for encoding your data before it leaves the output without needing a separate filter in your Logstash pipeline.

### `enable_metric`

* Value type is boolean
* Default value is true

> Disable or enable metric logging for this specific plugin instance. By default we record all the metrics we can, but you can disable metrics collection for a specific plugin.

Reviewer: Does this also send metrics to Dynatrace?

Author: It generates metrics with a specific tag. You can use that tag to send metrics to Dynatrace if you want.

Author: Actually it just adds them to the logstash stats endpoint `/_node/stats` which exports basic statistics about the particular logstash node. Setting `enable_metric` for a particular plugin causes metrics specific to that plugin to be included in those stats. By default it is just event count.

Author: https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/logstash/current/node-stats-api.html

Reviewer: Nice, thanks!

### `id`

* Value type is string
* There is no default value for this setting.

> Add a unique ID to the plugin configuration. If no ID is specified, Logstash will generate one. It is strongly recommended to set this ID in your configuration. This is particularly useful when you have two or more plugins of the same type. For example, if you have 2 datadog_metrics outputs. Adding a named ID in this case will help in monitoring Logstash when using the monitoring APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a unique ID to the plugin configuration. If no ID is specified, Logstash will generate one. It is strongly recommended to set this ID in your configuration. This is particularly useful when you have two or more plugins of the same type, e.g., if you have 2 dynatrace_metrics outputs. Adding a named ID in this case will help in monitoring Logstash when using the monitoring APIs.
```
why `_metrics`?

Author: removed

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```ruby
```

Reviewer: or is this 
```suggestion
```json
```

Author: Like above, this is not ruby and it is not json. I can add ruby to get some basic syntax highlight though.

It requires the `logs.ingest` (Ingest Logs) scope to be set and it is recommended to limit scope to only this one.
Example: `"api_key" => "dt0c01.4XLO3..."`

### `ssl_verify_none`

* Value type is [boolean](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/logstash/current/configuration-file-structure.html#boolean)
* Optional
* Default value is `false`

It is recommended to leave this optional configuration set to `false` unless absolutely required.
Setting `ssl_verify_none` to `true` causes the output plugin to skip certificate verification when sending log ingest requests to SSL and TLS protected HTTPS endpoints.
This option may be required if you are using a self-signed certificate, an expired certificate, or a certificate which was generated for a different domain than the one in use.

### `codec` 

* Value type is codec
* Default value is "plain"

The codec used for output data. Output codecs are a convenient method for encoding your data before it leaves the output without needing a separate filter in your Logstash pipeline.

### `enable_metric`

> * Value type is boolean

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Value type is [boolean](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/logstash/current/configuration-file-structure.html#boolean)
```
